welcome to the first video in our
optimization workflow series these are
Company videos that are going to help
you put this workflow template into
practice so outside of our our main
Google ads 102 course the the goal with
these videos is to keep it really casual
and go into the weeds uh outside of our
10-minute time constraint so that way
you can see everything in detail now
when it comes to pacing this is a very
easy thing to do and what you really the
the name of the game on pacing is like
are you overspend are you going to meet
your budget on a monthly quarterly basis
and in terms of actually pacing budgets
within the Google ads interface uh
you're going to have to obviously adjust
your daily budget based on your targets
so usually what you'll do is whatever
your quarterly budget is you'll divide
that by three whatever the the result is
of that then you'll divide that number
by 30.4 so you can get your average for
average spend per day per month and then
what you're going to do is you're going
to set your daily budget accordingly
across the campaigns in your account
based on performance
so what I do when I'm when I'm pacing
budgets is I come in here and I have my
column set up just like I showed you in
the course and you can see here with
this daily pacing custom column that I
created that I walk you through in the
course as well I can see that this
campaign has a daily pacing of
128% so daily pacing is simply put you
know how much of our daily budget are we
actually spending on a daily basis so in
this case we spent 128% of our daily
budget the reason this is possible is
because Google can go over your daily
budget by about 30% so in this instance
I know okay I have a daily pacing of
128% uh I can increase my daily budget
here by 28% so you would just take the
figure that you have and then just add
the multiply times the daily percentage
of pacing and then you can increase it
based on whatever the number is so
that's really it I mean it's really that
simple I don't think pacing us to be
anything more complicated than that
uh I would just do the same thing for
all of my different campaigns if you're
managing a really large account like for
example this account here that I'm using
for an example has 47 campaigns active
this is where building some sort of
budget dashboard spreadsheet uh in
Google Sheets can be really helpful to
kind of just visualize everything and uh
you could also create some automated
rules to be able to automate the daily
pacing for you where you can increase
your budget if it's over 100 % uh and
also based on some sort of performance
thresholds but that's it for this video
just use this daily pacing column look
at your performance you know make sure
that it's worthwhile that you actually
want to scale up the right things and
then just continue to increase or
decrease your budget in relation to what
you're trying to Pace towards